The Joe Rogan experience.
The, and the other thing is like, you're going to become a conservative.
Well then, well then, okay, now you're tribal key.
Can't you just be someone who's politically homeless. Like,
why do you have to be on this other side now? Now you have to like, you know,
say I'm a God fearing Christian. And Donald Trump was brought here by Jesus,
man. I met Trump this past weekend where this man has regular sized hands.
By the way, they're not tiny. The media they're full of.
You sure he wasn't wearing a fake hands. He might've been wearing fake hands.
He's a clever fellow slapstick putting on his fake hair at the UFC.
What was he like came over to me when I was working,
I had my headphones on and I said, Hey, how you doing, man? Nice to meet.
You shook his hand.
And uh, got a video of it. It's kind of hilarious.
He's like you do tremendous job. Amazing job. Good job.
And then he said to Daniel Cormier was next to me who was a former light
heavyweight champion and the former heavyweight champion. He goes,
I do not want to fight this guy. I didn't know
I was president. I should've got a selfie with him.
I should have missed opportunity. We're going to do it was weird.
It was very weird when he walked in, though, I'm telling you, man,
they cheered the out of him. Oh, he is like a, um,
some dead Enders who really want to see him be president again one way or
another catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expanse.